Fixing typos in OAuth 2.0 and OpenID Connect Overview Concept (#3194)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/concepts/oauth-openid/index.md

# OAuth 2.0 and OpenID Connect Overview

> This article provides a high-level introduction to OAuth 2.0 and OpenID Connect (OIDC), which are the standard protocols that Okta's authentication and authorization solutions are based on. This article discusses how you can implement flows based on these standards using Okta, and what flows and grant types different types of apps commonly use.

Reviewer: Just a suggestion to break up the last part of the sentence:
```suggestion
This article provides a high-level introduction to OAuth 2.0 and OpenID Connect (OIDC), which are the standard protocols that Okta's authentication and authorization solutions are based on. This article discusses how you can implement flows based on these standards using Okta, and what flows and grant types are commonly used by the different types of apps.
```

The OAuth 2.0 spec has four important roles:

> * **authorization server**: The server that issues the access token. In this case Okta is the authorization server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **authorization server**: The server that issues the access token (Okta is the authorization server)
```
Suggest to remove "In this case" because we haven't referenced what case we are talking about?

Author: As discussed over Slack will stick with the period.

> * **resource owner**: Normally your application's end user that grants permission to access the resource server with an access token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **resource owner**: The entity that grants permission to access the resource server with an access token (typically, this is the application's end user)
```
Making this statement parallel with the other role definitions?

Author: As discussed over Slack will stick with the period.

* **client**: The application that requests the access token from Okta and then passes it to the resource server.

> * **resource server**: Accepts the access token and must verify that it's valid. In this case, this is your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **resource server**: Accepts the access token and must verify that it's valid (typically, this is your application)
```

Author: As discussed over Slack will stick with the period.

Other important terms:

> * **OAuth 2.0 grant**: The authorization given (or granted) to the client by the user. Examples of grants are **authorization code** and **client credentials**. Each OAuth grant has a corresponding flow, explained below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **OAuth 2.0 grant**: The authorization given (or granted) to the client by the user. Examples of grants are **authorization code** and **client credentials**. Each OAuth grant has a corresponding flow. See [Choosing an OAuth 2.0 flow](#choosing-an-oauth-2-0-flow).
```

> * **access token**: The token issued by the authorization server (Okta) in exchange for the grant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **access token**: The token issued by the authorization server (Okta) in exchange for the grant
```

> * **refresh token**: An optional token that is exchanged for a new access token if the access token has expired.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **refresh token**: An optional token that is exchanged for a new access token if the access token has expired
```

* The "client" &mdash; The application that requests the access token from Okta and then passes it to the resource server

> * The "resource server" &mdash; Accepts the access token and must verify that it's valid. In this case, this is your application.

Reviewer: This is not in scope of this PR, but should mdash be changed to colon format?

Although OpenID Connect is built on top of OAuth 2.0, the [OpenID Connect specification](https://openid.net/connect/) uses slightly different terms for the roles in the flows:

> * **OpenID provider**: The authorization server that issues the ID token. In this case Okta is the OpenID provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **OpenID provider**: The authorization server that issues the ID token (Okta is the OpenID provider)
```

Author: As discussed over Slack will stick with the period.

> * **end user**: The end user's information that is contained in the ID token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **end user**: The end user's information that is contained in the ID token
```

Author: As discussed over Slack will stick with the period.

> * **relying party**: The client application that requests the ID token from Okta.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **relying party**: The client application that requests the ID token from Okta
```

Author: As discussed over Slack will stick with the period.

> * **ID token**: The token issued by the OpenID Provider and contains information about the end user in the form of claims.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **ID token**: The token issued by the OpenID Provider and contains information about the end user in the form of claims
```

> * **claim**: The claim is a piece of information about the end user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **claim**: A piece of information about the end user
```

Author: as discussed, staying with original version.
